---
format-version: "0" # changelog format version, must be "0"
---

# 1.0.4.0 "Running Out of Witty Titles"

## 2 Fast 2 Forward

- Able to fast-forward from middle of day, rather than just from morning.

## The Locktober Revolution

- New late-game Locktober chastity event.
- Option to put Serena in chastity after she has been collared.
- Over 15k words and 81 new passages

## An Outfit On The Company

- New quest to diversify your office wardrobe thanks to a clothing voucher.
- Four new outfits as selected by backers.
- Over 4.9k words and 34 new passages

## Porn For the Porn Gods!

- Cum themed porn shoot (as chosen by backers!).
- Maid themed porn shoot (as chosen by backers!).
- Over 2.7k words and 16 new passages

## Minor

- HR Harassment Scene.
- Additional discussion themes on various topics.
- Option to ask Lisa Soto for some of her milk.

### Tester and Contributor Reward Scenes (designed as rewards for individual testers/backers, playable by all)

- Backer Scene: The Reward For Flexibility.
- Backer Scene: Giving 450%.
- VIP Scene: Only In Your Mind.
- VIP Scene: Wake Up And Apologise.
- VIP Scene: Just A Joke.
- VIP Scene: Tucked In... Personally.
- VIP Scene: Train Facts.
- VIP Scene: F.E.M.D.O.M.S.: Recruiting A Friend For Empress Strawberry.
- VIP Scene: Gothin' Maid: Meet Charly.
- VIP Scene: Milgram, I Hardly Knew Her!
- VIP Scene: Eating With An Egg.
- VIP Scene: Striped Socks On Camera.
- Tester Scene: Does She Have To Do Everything?
- Tester Scene: VERY strictly A-SLUT.
- Tester Scene: What's Better Than A Monorail?
- Tester Scene: A Roll Before A Roll In The Hay.
- Reward Scene: Aggressive Nursing.
- Over 31.5k words and 135 new passages

Total Release Additions: 64.2k words/331 passages/69 achievements
Total Gamesize: 3.1 million words/11611 passages/5073 achievements
